README.md, before:

##RenEx

Powerful and sometimes automagical file renaming utility.

Beware, mortal, that you are stepping into realms of black magic! Only strongest arch-mages with years of experience in casting spells in the cryptic language of *Regular Expressions* can fully utilize **RenEx**! If you are not hardened by countless battles with ***bugs***, **RenEx** may as well bring your doom!

But ***seriously***, **RenEx** was never meant to be a *drag-and-done* type of utility. You need in-depth knowledge of Regular Expressions to utilize it to its full potential. Be careful using this software if you don't feel comfortable debugging regular expressions, because if you apply a wrong rule it may mess up your files in a bad way. The software does not provide a way to reverse changes made by it.

**RenEx** is based on **[libWyvernzora](http://github.com/jluchiji/libWyvernzora)**, my personal library. Icons and artwork used in the project are by [Takegawa Shin](http://www.pixiv.net/member.php?id=201634).

As of March 29, 2013 the project is still work in progress. It works, but a lot of convenience elements and AI is still missing.


##License
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2013 Jieni Luchijinzhou a.k.a Aragorn Wyvernzora

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Switched to NuGet
Removed the libWyvernzora.dll reference and switched to a NuGet feed:
http://www.myget.org/F/wyvernzora/

README.md, after:

##RenEx

Powerful and sometimes automagical file renaming utility.

Beware, mortal, that you are stepping into realms of black magic! Only strongest arch-mages with years of experience in casting spells in the cryptic language of *Regular Expressions* can fully utilize **RenEx**! If you are not hardened by countless battles with ***bugs***, **RenEx** may as well bring your doom!

But ***seriously***, **RenEx** was never meant to be a *drag-and-done* type of utility. You need in-depth knowledge of Regular Expressions to utilize it to its full potential. Be careful using this software if you don't feel comfortable debugging regular expressions, because if you apply a wrong rule it may mess up your files in a bad way. The software does not provide a way to reverse changes made by it.

**RenEx** is based on **[libWyvernzora](http://github.com/jluchiji/libWyvernzora)**, my personal library. Icons and artwork used in the project are by [Takegawa Shin](http://www.pixiv.net/member.php?id=201634).

As of March 29, 2013 the project is still work in progress. It works, but a lot of convenience elements and AI is still missing.

##Dependencies
This project depends on my personal library, **libWyvernzora**. It is updated via my personal NuGet feed, in order to acquire the package please add the following NuGet feed to your VisualStudio:
`http://www.myget.org/F/wyvernzora/`

##License
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2013 Jieni Luchijinzhou a.k.a Aragorn Wyvernzora

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
